Update: selector list combinator (#21299)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/selector_list/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> The CSS **selector list** (`,`) selects all the matching nodes. A selector list is a comma-separated list of selectors. 

Author: ```suggestion
The CSS **selector list** (`,`) selects all the matching nodes. A selector list is a comma-separated list of selectors.
```

## Description

> When more than one selectors shares the same declarations, they can be grouped together into a comma-separated list. Selector lists can also be passed as parameters to some functional CSS pseudo-classes. White space may appear before and/or after the comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple selectors share the same declarations, they can be grouped together into a comma-separated list. Selector lists can also be passed as parameters to some functional CSS pseudo-classes. White space may appear before and/or after the comma.
```

### Forgiving relative selector list

A forgiving relative selector list is similar to the [forgiving selector list](#forgiving_selector_list); it just parses the list components as [relative selectors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Selectors#relative_selector), which begin with an explicit or implied combinator.

```css
h2:has(+ p, > ul::after, + ul.red) {
  font-style: italic;
}
```

> In the above, and `h2` that is immediately followed by a `<p>` or a `<ul class="red">`, will be italic. While pseudo-elements are not valid in the [`:has()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has) forgiving relative selector list parameter, because the list is forgiving, it doesn't "break" the selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above, an `h2` that is immediately followed by a `<p>` or a `<ul class="red">`, will be italic. While pseudo-elements are not valid in the [`:has()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has) forgiving relative selector list parameter, because the list is forgiving, it doesn't "break" the selector.
```

### Forgiving relative selector list

A forgiving relative selector list is similar to the [forgiving selector list](#forgiving_selector_list); it just parses the list components as [relative selectors](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Selectors#relative_selector), which begin with an explicit or implied combinator.

```css
h2:has(+ p, > ul::after, + ul.red) {
  font-style: italic;
}
```

> In the above, and `h2` that is immediately followed by a `<p>` or a `<ul class="red">`, will be italic. While pseudo-elements are not valid in the [`:has()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has) forgiving relative selector list parameter, because the list is forgiving, it doesn't "break" the selector. 

Author: ```suggestion
In the above, and `h2` that is immediately followed by a `<p>` or a `<ul class="red">`, will be italic. While pseudo-elements are not valid in the [`:has()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has) forgiving relative selector list parameter, because the list is forgiving, it doesn't "break" the selector.
```
